Review expectations tell the agent how the first version will be judged.
Without them, the agent optimizes for fluency and completeness instead of the decisions that matter to the reviewer.
Define acceptance criteria before production.
Ask whether the artifact answers the real question, uses the required evidence, respects the constraints, distinguishes facts from inference, and leaves unresolved items visible.
Make evidence inspectable.
Request citations to the supplied materials, calculation notes, changed files, screenshots, test results, or a short decision log.
The right evidence depends on the artifact, but it should let a reviewer verify the consequential claims.
Assign review roles.
The agent can check structure, consistency, missing fields, and routine validations.
A subject expert checks judgment.
An accountable owner approves actions that publish, send, spend, delete, or make a protected declaration.
Use the first usable version as a review surface.
Do not wait for a polished final answer to discover that the goal was misunderstood.
Early review should expose open questions, conflicting sources, and assumptions while they are still cheap to change.
The common failure is asking for “high quality” without defining a rejection rule.
If no one can say why a result fails, the agent cannot target the right standard and the reviewer cannot give precise feedback.
First, define acceptance criteria before the agent starts.
Second, require evidence that makes important claims inspectable.
Third, keep accountable approval attached to consequential actions.